Aditya Chakraborty
AIHL A
Machine Learning 6th
(PCC-AIHL601)
Part A
1. Customer - Churn Analysis and Amage Recognition
2. Purpose of a validation set :-
- after analysing the data through of train set and testing it through test set for multiple times,
to find the final accuracy validation set is needed.
3. Co-efficients of the variable
- Loss function i.e Mean Squared Error (MSE).
- Gradient Decent
4. The AUC of a perfect classifier is :-
y2-y1 = tanθ
x2-x1
tanθ ≥ 1
5. Out of Precision and Recall, recall is more important in Spam Detection.
Part B
6. When we get a new dataset we divide the dataset initially into train-test-split i.e. 70-80% of data are kept in initially five training and after training the model, it gets tested on the rest 20-30% data i.e. known as the data set. So, if we sum up the whole train test theory we get the train test split.

Overfitting of buaining data takes place when the
best data & buain data set exceeds the
number of test data sets, overfitting occurs.
Overfitting can be prevented by splitting
up of data during preprocessing or decide
to execute each data set during single
processes.

Underfitting occurs when the best data set is
less than the buain data set. To avoid
underfitting, unsupervised learning principle
is followed in order to reduce this
phenomenon.

8. Curvual Algorithms that we will have to
minimize the cost function -
-> Naive Bayes Algorithm
-> Random Forest Algorithm
-> Decision Tree

9. Confusion Matrix - it is said to see the
generation of matrix data in order to
analyse the statistical regression
of a data set so that the model data
is plotted and can be compared to
that of a trained model data to
compare the accuracy between the data
sets.

False negative rate - 5%
False positive rate - 3%
Precision - 92%
Recall - 0.63

10. ROC Stands for Recive of a curve and AUC stands for Area under curve, where ROC is used to see the gradial point of the curve With respect to its origin and AUC is the total area of the respective curve.

Support Vector Machine

Perfect classifier

(SVM)

(Random classifier)

Precision Recall trade off - It is the single process that is executed multiple times in order to achieve precision of the whole data set execution.

V